what is up guys camera fee here and
today I hope you guys another 0.9 point
Oh update video for MTP I have not done
one of these in ages this is probably
going to be just a quick one there's
just a few things that johane burn
Hudson has tweeted over the last my
guest couple of weeks that yeah I just
wanted to inform you guys if you have
not seen the tweets or you don't have
twitter but yeah in the first week we
have here is that he has just removed
the 0.8 point 0 beta group and he says
that he will create a new one for 0.9
point 0 so i'm not sure if this has
already been done it he hasn't mentioned
anything else about it but hopefully
there will be a another beta group 40.9
point 0 and all the android MCPE players
can test out the betas 40.9 point 0
which will be awesome and on to the next
tweet that he says first step of the
multiplayer is working now working on
new survival inventory and updated
crafting screen so I'm not sure what the
multiplayer bit is but it looks like
we're getting a new survival inventory
and an updated crafting screen so the
updated crafting train I am not too sure
what that could be maybe it's like the
pc crafting if you guys know leave a
comment but it could just be like a
small update to the crafting screen but
they already they did do a small update
in the zero point eight point 0 update
they did do a an updated crafting screen
thing where all the stuff comes to the
top if it's available to craft and all
the other stuff stays at the bottom um
so yeah hopefully that is like the pc
crafting because the pc crafting is a
a lot better than the mCP see our MCPE
one is at the moment and it also the new
survival inventory and that could be
pretty cool not too sure how would work
or anything but hopefully they do glue
they do do a good job on that as well so
and the next tweet was one that just
came off on Twitter that's why I decided
to make this video this was like five
minutes ago and it says first task of
the week implement 10 plus new block
types for new buyer so that is confirmed
that we are getting new biomes and 10
new block types so that is really cool
that's going to be like all of you
probably dark oak wood acacia wood all
of the i don't know like packed ice and
stuff hopefully all the new blocks like
stained clay hopefully are included in
that because of the Mesa biome so yeah
that would be really awesome if all that
stuff I was implanted so yeah that's
going to be pretty much if this yet
episode of as you put update view so
i'll see ya at one nice ash watching and
I'll see you guys later
you
haha
dang
supersonic hypnotic me that I walk